Linglong
Do you have any solution?
Shangguan Family
Now all channels of cooperation have been cut off
Are you sure you are alone?
Can turn things around
father-in-law
Don't you know what your daughter is like?
Linglong dares to bring me back
He must have expected the loneliness of the Guan family
And Linglong must have a way to adapt to the season
Is it really like he said?
Yes, the official family is in full swing now
We don't have to at this time
Go head-to-head with them
Long ago
I've already cleared the president of Wiley International
Mr. Davis' relationship
He promised to provide overseas channels for our Shangguan family
Is this Mr. Davis reliable?
Mom, don't worry.
We've already agreed
He is sure to provide us with overseas channels
At that time
Everything will be smooth in our Shangguan family
Okay, okay.
As expected of my Shangguan Wen's daughter
Now there is Linglong
Our Shangguan family will definitely thrive
Guan Mingcheng is calling
Yeah? Let me see what he says. Hey
I heard what my sister said
Shangguan Dingnu
You've figured it out
Guan Gongzi is joking if I marry you
At my cousin's level
Sooner or later, our Shangguan family will be eaten dry and wiped clean by you
Am I just watching my grandfather's hard work like this?
Is it so wasted?
Toast without penalty
I saw that the Shangguan family collapsed
You don't even have my first wife
Close the name, right?
I'll tell you what.
You're late.
Now Linglong is my wife
The wife of a migrant worker
What do you want to do with my young lady?
Even if he becomes the wife of a migrant worker
It is not rare for you to be the young lady of the official family
You should find more reasons from yourself
It's getting late.
We should go to bed early.